The name is Muhammad Shawqi Muhammad Zari, a resident of Khan Yunis and a
refugee in Rafah. Age 63 years in the tent.
17 people. I have three children who are married to their wives,
and their children are halal children. They give us how many mattresses
and we emerged tall from the depths of the strays after
they beat us with fire belts and canes over our heads.
We came tall, got our drinks, and people sang
about us.  Give me this tent, and they said, 'I will sit
in it. After the war, come. It's a long time ago. In
the morning, we will bring water. We'll light a fire if they want to do
something on it. We're waiting for the hospice. The children will have lunch while they sleep.
I mean, everyone is suffocating. By God, we're
suffocating from this sitting. Here we are. We want to go
our turn. We want to rest. We're already on our turn.'" I sighed.  It's
all cleared up, but we're building a tent on our floor and we
won't stay here. A journey. Any journey you want to go out
and you need money for, uncle. The journeys are far away and you
can't walk. Today I walked to see
the Sultan. I'm going to come on a journey. When we finish the trick in the
project, my message that I request is to appeal to the
whole world to stop with us.  After we were beaten, of course,
and the end of this barbaric war in which
the Zionists rose up against us
and relieved us and let us return to our homes and sleep in safety.
If a little, there is
enough fear and panic at night. The children all fall down and
scream at the sound of the beating. I mean, they said Rafah is safe,
there is no safe place.